I've been trying to run FB ads for the first time recently, and FB won't let me post the ads due to this message "Please authenticate your account: Due to recent activity (like login location), we think someone may have tried to access your account without permission. To be safe, your ads won’t run until you authenticate your account. (#3858385)" I've tried verifying my email in the business portfolio, still not working. Tried making a whole new business profile and FB page and it still pops up. I feel like I've tried everything and nothings working. Please Help ME!   submitted by   /u/Head-Anybody6059 [link]   [comments]

Same issue but I found a resolution. I went into each ad-set, Authenticated the error message, then made a change so that I could republish the ad-set. I'm guessing this caused FB to pickup the authentication change. I'm not sure if it matters but the specific change I made was to uncheck the "multi-advertiser ads", check box. I only mention this because I tried to simply change the ad-set title and this didn't work.

Funcionou! MUITO OBRIGADO

It works! Thanks

This just saved my life on a call with a client so THANK YOU IT WORKED!!!

Hey! Thank you for your reply, I’m trying to do this but what do you mean by 'authenticated the error message? how do you do that?

Just wanted to say thank you for saving my life

I resolved it by going to the Ads Manager base page, then drill down into the ad, then at the top right I see the error message but with a "Start Authentication" button. Click that which walks you through simple email verification, allowing you to run your ad once complete.

didn't work for me :((

thank you!!!

u/sp-ws i have an incorrect email, how i can fix it ?

Tuviste solución?

Dale refresh al browser y luego publícalos de nuevo.

hướng dẫn chi tiết được không bạn

For some reason i cant put my email. All it says it "no email" and I can't even click the box to put my email

Eu consigo colocar o email, mas não recebo nunca. Já tentei umas 4x, e simplesmente não recebo esse email de autenticação

same. found any solution?

Hi! This might happen if you are traveling abroad and using VPNs. It has happened to me out of thin air, but usually get it resolved quickly. Have you been in touch with their support? I used to have a lot of trouble with facebook ads, especially the login, for the last year and a half. Switched over to google 2FA, instead of mobile SMS 2FA, which solved it instantly for me.

I tried reaching out to support and I got no response. It’s been 24 hours too! I’ll try switching over to google 2FA and get back to you

Bet of luck!

Just tried and it still doesn’t work, would you be down to hop on a quick call and help a brother out

bro i am literally experiencing the same issue, please let me know if you find the answer

Yo add me on discord so we can stay in touch I wanna chat if can text? My discords braydensunplugged

Hi, did this ever get solved for you?

Estou com o mesmo problema! Se voce encontrar a solução por favor posta aqui!

Did you find a solution for this problem ?

Leave it for 2 days, and then try again to login.

Did this really work?

I had this issue, after making an edit in the ad set, the edit was verified and then the fix error message allowed me to start an authentication process, which sent a code to my email address. Once entering the code, all is well.

[deleted]

hi. it didn't work for me. huhu

bạn có thể hướng dẫn chi tiết không

bạn có thể hướng dẫn chi tiết không

What a G. Lets GOOO. God bless brotha

How'd you fix it? I'm getting the same issue.

sửa được chưa bạn ơi

Chưa luôn bạn. Mình mua hẳn 1 cái ad account để chạy luôn rồi. Mình hỏi mấy agency thì họ bảo không fix được.

thế bỏ tkqc này thì chán lắm, t đang chat support hỏi fb, có đứa nó bảo fix đc mà 500k, chát vl

ja tentei de tudo e aparece a seguinte mensagem https://preview.redd.it/ksj6f21s1h9f1.png?width=1440&format=png&auto=webp&s=f3ba823d4efce8c5a4527f55028792ebbe18b195

Conseguiu????? to do mesmo jeito

Alguem conseguiu resolver esse problema? Na hora que clica para iniciar verificação ele fala que não tem email

Consegui! Eu precisei adicionar outro usuário a conta de anuncio, criar um novo anuncio no conjunto de anuncio e iniciar verificação através dessa nova conta, ai puxou o email dessa nova conta e consegui verificar

oi mano! pode explicar dando um passo a passo, estou com mesmo problema, agradeço

Just do any edit in the ad set.. change location or edit age, and click publish. Done!!

https://preview.redd.it/foztimjctybf1.png?width=640&format=png&auto=webp&s=e1ca055e17277955bc6fdcc0a5e7ea92c0c50e54 Anybody know what you can do when you get this??? Doesn't let me type my email at all

Same issue I’m livid

So stupid I cant even post an ad now

Im literally dealing with the same bullshit rn. Did you find a fix?

por favor si encuentran alguna solucion me avisa, estoy en las mismas este momento

I got it working. If nothing is working make sure that you have the PIXEL working, and if it isn't enough I tried changing the date for one day after and it went away after pressing publish. But if none of those work just literally make a new campaign with the exact same stuff and try it again. If none of that works then it's probably a problem where you don't have a budget set up or something is incomplete. Just look for any other warnings. Let me know if this helps or not. That's kind of how I got mine back. Comment is for u/Alarmed-Use-1120 and u/arcadia-studio

Descobri a solução, voce esta sem o email cadastrado no facebook. Vá até as config do face e coloque la um email.

I was receiving the same message, and no email was appearing in the authentication section. I reached out to Meta Support, and they were able to walk me through getting my Meta account authenticated. In your Facebook account go to > Settings & Privacy > Settings > See more in Accounts Center > Personal Details > Contact info > click your email > Delete (you'll need your FB and IG password to verify it's you) > after it's deleted, add your email back in (once again you may need a password to verify it's you) > then go back to your ad account, refresh the page, and authentication should work!

I'm having this issue with SMS. I'm not getting the code via text even though my number is set up properly. I wonder if this will help

Same. have you found a solution?

Wait a whole 24+ hours before trying to get the code again. Also make sure your number is correct everywhere on your account and that you're set to receive SMS on your account. This includes on your normal FB account and your Ads account.

I get that message every few months usually... (And I am home. Not travelling or anything.) I only need to check an ad, click on "start authentication" and I get a code via email. I am sure that thing can glitch out too so... It usually happens when I work on new accounts but just happened today on an account I have been managing for 4 months. Go figure.
