# Marketing API Rate Limiting
Updated: May 5, 2026

The revised qualification threshold for Full Access has been reduced from 1,500 to 500 Marketing API calls in the past 15 days. The underlying permission identifier remains the same, and existing access levels are preserved automatically.
The Marketing API has its own rate limiting logic and is excluded from all the Graph API rate limitations. So if you make a Marketing API call, it won’t be calculated into the Graph API throttling .

Ad Account Level QPS Rate Limits
The following endpoints are affected:
POST /{ad-account-id}/ads
POST /adgroup
POST /{ad-account-id}/adsets
POST /adcampaign
POST /{ad-account-id}/campaigns
POST /campaigngroup
When you exceed this limit, spread your requests more evenly over time rather than sending them in bursts.

Ad Account Level Business Use Case Rate Limits
Related error code: 80000, 80003, 80004, 80014, Message: There have been too many calls from this ad-account. Wait a bit and try again.

Rate limiting is at the ad account level.
Rate limits happen in real time on a given time range.
Each Marketing API call is assigned a score. Your score is the sum of your API calls.
We enforce a maximum score. Generally speaking, a read API call is equal to 1 point, and a write API call is equal to 3 points, and when you reach the maximum score, we throw a throttling error.

If your app is in the Marketing API development tier:
Your maximum score is 60.
The decay rate is 300 seconds.
You will be blocked for 300 seconds if you reach the maximum score.

If your app has Full access to the Marketing API:
Your maximum score is 9000.
The decay rate is 300 seconds.
You will be blocked for 60 seconds if you reach the maximum score.

Rate limiting is at the ad account level, per application.
Limit: 100 requests per second (QPS) per app and ad account combination.
Applied to: Create and edit operations for campaigns, ad sets, and ads.

Rate limiting is at the object level, per app.
Default limit: one edit per object every 30 seconds.
This limit is independent of the ad account level QPS limit.

Ads Insights Platform Rate Limiting
Rate limiting is at the application level.
When your app is rate limited, all Ads Insights API calls for the app are limited.

By default, apps have development_access to the Marketing API. You are in the development tier of Marketing API access if you have Limited access of the Marketing API Access Tier feature.
You are in the standard tier of Marketing API access if you have Full access of the Marketing API Access Tier feature. You can also check your HTTP header and look for ads_api_access_tier in your X-Ad-Account-Usage , X-Business-Use-Case or X-FB-Ads-Insights-Throttle header.
